Refactor directory structure (#350)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: CONTRIBUTING.md

Also, consider that snake case is used for Cairo development in general due to its strong Python bias, but in order to be compliant with the standards, EIP implementations must use camelCase. Therefore, EIP-based contracts will have their external functions written in camelCase while the rest of the codebase will be in snake_case.

And make sure to always include tests and documentation for the new developments. Please consider the following conventions:

- Naming

>   - contracts and libraries should be PascalCased i.e. `MyContract.cairo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - contracts should be PascalCased i.e. `MyContract.cairo`
  - libraries should be named `library.cairo`, e.g. `erc20/library.cairo`
  - interfaces should be prefixed with an `I`, as in `IAccount.cairo`
```

  - test modules should begin with `test_` followed by the contract name i.e. `test_MyContract.py`

- Structure

>   - preset contracts and libraries should live in their respective `presets` and `library` directories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - preset contracts and interfaces should be the in their respective directories
  - libraries should cede their names to their parent directory and are named `library.cairo` instead
```

>   - Here are example paths:
>     - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.interfaces.IERC20.cairo`
>     - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.library.ERC20.cairo`
>     - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.presets.ERC20Mintable.cairo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Here are example paths:
    - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.library`
    - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.interfaces.IERC20.cairo`
    - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.presets.ERC20Mintable.cairo`
```

  - test modules should begin with `test_` followed by the contract name i.e. `test_MyContract.py`

- Structure
  - libraries should cede their names to their parent directory and are named `library.cairo` instead
  - interfaces should be alongside the library that the interface defines
  - preset contracts should be within a `presets` directory of the library to which they are a preset
  - Here are example paths:
    - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.library`
    - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.IERC20`
    - `openzeppelin.token.erc20.presets.ERC20Mintable`
  - And a visual guide:

> ```python

Author: The linter expects a language with the code block. Python is an arbitrary solution since this is just a visual aid
